300px | Small | right | Constitution Vietnam 2013
Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam&#39;s legal documents have the highest value in the legal system of Vietnam.
The constitution is in effect as of 2013, the Constitution of the Republic of socialist Vietnam is Vietnam&#39;s National Assembly XIII, 6th session through the morning of November 28, 2013, effective on January 1, 2014.
In Vietnam, the Constitution &quot;is the legal political document next most important platform of the party, is the original law, regulation issues very basics of a State ...&quot; and &quot;The Constitution fixes modified this institutionalized political platform of the Party on national construction in the transitional period to socialism, inherited the 1946 Constitution, the 1959 Constitution, the 1980 Constitution and the 1992 Constitution. &quot;
Article 1 of the Constitution affirmed the Republic Socialist of Vietnam is an independent, unified and sovereign sufficient for the whole territory.
The Constitution also affirmed the Republic of Vietnam Socialist government is of the people, by the people and for the people (Article 2).
People are all the peoples living together peacefully in the territory of Vietnam (article 5).
People are sovereign state using state power through the National Assembly and People&#39;s Council is the representative body for the will and aspirations of the people, by the people elected and responsible before the people people (Article 6).
In addition, Article 8 also provides that &quot;The State agencies, officials and employees of the State is obliged to respect the people, devotedly serve the people, in close contact with the people, listen and is subject to the supervision of the people, resolutely combat all manifestations of bureaucracy, arrogance, authoritarianism, corruption &quot;
Forces state leaders
However, a state always needs a political organization to leadership.
Derived from historical conditions of Vietnam, Communist Party of Vietnam, the faithful representative of the interests of the working class, the working people and the whole nation, Marxism - Leninism and Ho Chi Minh as the mainstream ideology to lead the state and society.
Such talk does not mean the party is held for everyone to stand on all the activities of Party organizations must strictly adhere to the law.
This is one of the fundamental principles of the rule of law socialist.
Party show leadership directly and comprehensively by appointment, arrange Party members hold key positions, leaders in government, the security forces and the army, in the Fatherland Front, in Congress, the courts and the Procuratorate.
In the legislature is the National Assembly, the number of delegates outside the party of 49 (10% of the total 493 deputies in 2008).
10% comes from the agreement&#39;s &quot;National Assembly deputies structure&quot; by the Party in a leadership role.
Besides the Fatherland Front and the unions as well as political and social organization in the political system of organization of Vietnam.
Front leaders must be Party members.
The role of the state socialist Republic of Vietnam
Article 3: Confirm the state guarantee and promote constantly firstly ownership of the people behind the guard and severely punish all acts violating the interests of the country and the people in order to achieve the objective build strong and prosperous country, implementing social justice, people have a prosperous life, liberty, happiness, conditional comprehensive development.
Article 51 of the Constitution of 2013 determined: &quot;The economy Vietnam is the socialist-oriented market economy with many forms of ownership, many economic sectors; state economy plays a key role.&quot;
Citizenship constitution of 1992 stipulated in chapter 5: &quot;Basic rights and obligations of citizens&quot; from 49 to 82.
According to Article 50, the human rights of political, civil, economic, cultural and social respect, embodied in the civil rights and stipulated in the Constitution and the law.
Some people estimate that the constitution limits the basic freedoms of the people by adding the line &quot;prescribed by law&quot;.
This restriction is to ensure that the implementation of this freedom does not affect and violate the freedom of others.
This respected constitutional right of access to knowledge for the citizens.
Article 59 stated &quot;Primary education is compulsory and free of charge&quot;, &quot;Students with special aptitudes the State and society shall create conditions for learning to develop their talents&quot; and &quot;State and society created events for children with disabilities to education and vocational training cultural fit &quot;.
Article 60 stated &quot;Citizens have the right to scientific research, engineering, inventors, inventions, innovations, engineering, rationalization of production, composition, literary criticism, art and participate in other cultural.
State protects copyright and industrial property rights. &quot;
This constitution also protects certain rights of foreign citizens.
Article 82 stated &quot;Foreigners who struggle for freedom and national independence, for socialism, democracy and peace, or for the cause of science that harmed the State Republican Socialist Vietnam consider to reside. &quot;
Organizational apparatus of the State
Article 6 stipulates that &quot;the people&#39;s use of State power through the National Assembly and People&#39;s Council is the representative body for the will and aspirations of the people, by the people elected by and responsible to the people .
National Assembly and People&#39;s Council and other organs of the State are organized and operate in accordance with democratic centralism. &quot;
Article 7 says, &quot;The election of National Assembly deputies and People&#39;s Council deputies conducted under the principle of universal, equal, direct and secret ballot.
National Assembly or the National Assembly constituency was dismissed and People&#39;s Council deputies by the electors or the People&#39;s Council deputies dismissed when it is no longer worthy of the trust of the people. &quot;
Parliament is the highest representative body of the people, bodies of state power of the Republic highest socialist Vietnam.
Parliament is the sole authority constitutional and legislative.
Congress decides the basic policy on internal and external economic tasks - social, defense and security of the country, the main principles of organization and operation of the State apparatus, social relations and activities of citizens.
National Assembly shall exercise supreme control over the entire operation of the State.
&quot;President is the head of State, on behalf of the Republic of socialist Vietnam internally and externally&quot; (article 101).
Also President also has the right to nominate, recommend to Congress to elect the important position of the state.
Article 102, the President elected by the National Assembly of National Assembly deputies.
President responsible and report on their work to the National Assembly.
The tenure of the President&#39;s term of Parliament.
At the end of his term, the President continued on duty until the new National Assembly elected a new President.
Article 104, the Council of Defense and Security, including the chairman, vice chairmen and members.
President proposed list of members of the Council of Defense and Security of the National Assembly for ratification.
Council members and defense and security are not necessarily deputies.
National Council of Defense and Security Forces to mobilize all of the country and the ability to protect the country.
In case of war, the National Assembly can entrust the National Council of Defense and Security of the tasks and special powers.
National Council of Defense and Security to work collectively and make decisions by majority.
Article 105, the President is entitled to attend the sessions of the Central Committee and the National Assembly and the Government.
Article 106, the President issued the order, decided to implement the tasks and exercising their powers.
Article 109 stated &quot;Government is the executive body of the Congress, the State administrative agencies the highest of the Republic Socialist of Vietnam.&quot;
Article 110 stated &quot;The government consists of the Prime Minister, the Deputy Prime Minister, Ministers and other members.
Apart from the Prime Minister and other members of government are not necessarily the National Assembly. &quot;
National Flag: rectangular, two-thirds the width by length, red background, in the midst of five-pointed gold star (Article 141).
National emblem: pie, red background, in the midst of five-pointed gold star, surrounded by rice ears below which is half a cog wheel and the inscription: Socialist Republic of Vietnam (article 142).
National Anthem: music and lyrics of &quot;Tien quan ca&quot; (article 143).
Capital: Hanoi (article 144).
National Day: September 2 (article 145).
Article 146: Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is the fundamental law of the State, has the highest legal effect.
All other legal documents must be consistent with the Constitution.
Article 147: The National Assembly has the power to amend the Constitution.
The amendment to the Constitution must be at least two thirds of the total number of deputies voting
Constitution of Vietnam through the period
Before 1945, Vietnam does not have a constitution.
Since the founding of the republic first, the history of Vietnam recognized in the Constitution was born, in 1946, 1959, 1980 and 1992 (as amended in 2001), 2013 (corrected change in 2013).
Constitution of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam in 1946
1946 Constitution was the first constitution of the country North Vietnam was drafted and adopted by the National Assembly on November 9, 1946 with 240 votes for (over 242 votes).
Commission draft Constitution was established under Ordinance No. 34-SL September 20, 1945 consists of 7 members: Ho Chi Minh City, Vinh Thuy, Dang Thai Mai, Vu Trong Khanh, Le Van Hien, Nguyen Luong Bang Dang Xuan Khu (Truong Chinh).
The project Constitution was drafted and published in November 1945.
Ban draft Constitution (Subcommittee on the Constitution) by the National Assembly elected March 2, 1946 include 11 members: Tran Duy Hung Ton Quang Phiet, Do Duc Duc, Cu Huy, Nguyen Dinh Thi, Huynh Ba Nhung Tran Tan Tho, Nguyen Cao Overbearing, Dao Huu Duong, Pham Gia Do, Nguyen Thi Thuc Vienna.
This committee continued to study the draft constitution.
In session October 29, 1946, Subcommittee on the Constitution was extended 10 delegates representing the groups, regions and ethnic minorities to amend the draft constitution and the National Assembly by November 2 Congress in 1946 to discuss, repair and through.
The 1946 Constitution includes the preface and 7 chapters and 70 articles.
Preamble has identified three fundamental principles of the Constitution.
National unity regardless of race, girls, boys, class and religion.
Ensure democratic freedoms.
Government implemented strong and wise people.
Chapter I: Provisions main form of our State&#39;s Democratic Republic.
Chapter II: Provisions on the obligations and rights of citizens.
Chapter III: Regulations on the State agency highest power - the people&#39;s Parliament.
Chapter IV: Provisions on the Government - State administrative agencies the highest.
Chapter V: Provisions on people&#39;s councils and administrative committees - bodies of power and state administrative bodies, local.
Chapter VI: Provisions on judicial bodies - the judicial body of the State.
Chapter VII: Provisions on the issue of amending the Constitution.
Complete chapter 7 of the Constitution are built upon three fundamental principles mentioned above.
The main three principles have shown three basic characteristics of the 1946 Constitution.
Nguyen Si Dung Ph.D., an expert on law reviews: &quot;1946 Constitution is a constitutional text very brief and concise.
Entire constitutional text consists of 70 articles.
Including the mere line.
(For example, Article 12 is written as follows: &quot;The right to private property of citizens of Vietnam is guaranteed&quot;).
One of the reasons explaining the brief are: the 1946 Constitution has been designed according to the rule of law ideology &quot;.
Prof. Dr. Pham Duy Nghia, Hanoi National University, said that the 1946 Constitution is still valuable and by every sentence of which is &quot;echoes of the people.&quot;
This is the constitution that was drafted in the spirit of separation of powers (commonly known by the term &quot;separation of powers&quot;): legislative (Parliament), the executive (government) and the judiciary (courts ) like the US Constitution and the constitution of the other republics.
Article 1 of the 1946 Constitution stating: &quot;Vietnam is a country of the Democratic Republic&quot;.
The notable point is Article 10 of the 1946 Constitution clearly defined the rights of personal freedom: &quot;the people of Vietnam have the right: freedom of speech, freedom to publish, freedom of organization and association, freedom belief, freedom of residence, travel within the country and abroad &quot;.
These are freedom is restricted in the future constitution.
But the value of the 1946 Constitution is not worth applying in practice, only political value.
Because of many reasons why the 1946 Constitution is not executed.
Constitution of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam in 1959
The 1959 Constitution includes the Preamble and 112 articles divided into 10 chapters:
Chapter I. Countries North Vietnam;
Chapter II regime and the social economy;
Chapter III Basic rights and obligations of citizens;
Chapter V. President;
Chapter VI Government Council;
Chapter VII of People&#39;s Councils and People&#39;s Committees;
Chapter VIII People&#39;s Court and People&#39;s Procuratorate;
Chapter IX national flag, national emblem, the capital;
Chapter X amend the Constitution.
&quot;In the new phase of the revolution, our Parliament must amend the 1946 Constitution to suit the new situation and tasks&quot; (Preamble, Constitution of 1959).
The new phase of the revolution is referred to as phase resistance against US imperialism, the North building economic recovery, the South continues to struggle against US imperialism and lackey.
Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam in 1980
First put on the concept of &quot;all-people ownership&quot; of the land.
Comparing the constitution, the 1980 Constitution based on the constitution of the Soviet Union in 1977 with Parliament elected mechanisms of the State Council with the agency doing administrative responsibility of the National Assembly Standing Committee.
The State Council recently took power functions and legislative branch.
The council has seven members, headed by the president, a vice president of support along with a secretary.
Council has the right to declare war on the State, ordered general mobilization, through foreign treaties and monitoring the Council of Ministers.
&quot;The Republic of socialist Vietnam needs a constitution institutionalizing the Communist Party line in the new Vietnam.
It is the Constitution of the transitional period to socialism in the country.
Inheritance and development of the 1946 Constitution and the 1959 Constitution, this Constitution review and determine the success of the revolutionary struggle of the people of Vietnam in the past half century, expressing the will and aspirations of the people Vietnam, ensuring brilliant development of Vietnam society in the future &quot;(Preamble, Constitution of 1980).
Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam in 1992
Chief Editor is the Minister of Justice Nguyen Dinh Loc
The basic content of the Constitution
The 1992 Constitution included the preamble, 147 articles in 12 chapters.
In the preface, the history of Vietnam is documented and cause brief amendment is presented.
The most serious shortcoming is not recognized and does not announce the intention of the designers compiled the 1992 constitution as the basis for the interpretation or explanation constitutional law based on the constitution later.
The idea of the individual and collective constitution compiled will help the court or government agency to interpret the constitution to ensure the unity of the constitution and consistent with the spirit of the drafters.
This omission makes the constitution can be deduced and arbitrary interpretation of the law-making work or resolve disputes relating to the constitution.
Thereby leading to the constitution that serves only a certain historical period and then all values and do something else.
Society based on the rule of law the law; based on the constitutional law; so the stability of the society and the regime can say is based on the stability of the constitution.
The 1992 Constitution continued to assert that &quot;the State of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is a State of the people, by the people and for the people.
All State power belongs to the people that the foundation is working class allied with the peasantry and intellectual classes &quot;(Article 2).
In Chapter V, the fundamental rights of citizens are stipulated, including the right to freedom of expression (article 69), freedom of religion (Article 79), right to inviolability of the body (Article 71 ), freedom of movement and residence (Article 68), freedom of business (Article 57), copyright (Article 60), and other rights.
In Chapter V also states that citizens must be loyal to the Fatherland.
Betray the Fatherland is the most serious crime &quot;(Article 76).
The 1992 Constitution was added on December 25, 2001.
In terms of structure, eliminating the 1992 Constitution of the State Council, rules on an individual title as President.
Besides the 1992 Constitution reduce the number of deputies from 500 to 400.
&quot;From 1986 to now, the comprehensive reform the country by the Sixth Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam initiated gained initial achievements are important.
Parliament decided to amend the Constitution in 1980 to meet the requirements of the new situation and tasks &quot;(Preamble)
Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam in 2013
Chief Editor is the Chairman of the Law Committee of the National Assembly: Mr Phan Trung Ly.
Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam in 2013 was the Constitution of the Republic of socialist Vietnam is Vietnam&#39;s National Assembly XIII, 6th session adopted on the morning of November 28 years two thousand and thirteen.
Morning December 8, 2013, President of Vietnam Truong Tan Sang has signed a decree to proclaim Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam and the Resolution stipulates a number of points of the Constitution, December 9 2013, Office of the President announced the order of the President announced the constitution and resolutions of the National Assembly specified some points of the Constitution.
Constitution of 2013 a total of 11 program with Article 120 which emphasizes the leadership role of the Communist Party of Vietnam.
The revision of the Constitution
Constitutional amendments in 2001
Resolution No. 51/2001 / QH10 of December 25, 2001 amending and supplementing some articles of the Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam (this resolution was issued January 7, 2002) .
Background &amp; characteristics: Congress Xth Congress of the period of accelerated industrialization and modernization of the country.
Xth National Assembly has the responsibility to continue institutionalizing strategic platform and the Party; concretize the guidelines and the policy that the Eighth Party Congress and Ninth set.
In the past 5 years, the Xth National Assembly continue to build and improve the organization of the Congress and innovation legislative activities: Defining the scope of legislative authority of Parliament, up and decided to program the law- ordinances and renewal procedures, order issuing documents, legal, actively contributing to the successful implementation of the General Assembly resolution Eighth and Meeting of the Ninth Party, promote industrialization modernization of the country.
(Quoting Vietnam Congress Xth)
Constitutional amendments in 2013
Dated 01.02.2013, the Commission draft amendments to the 1992 Constitution officially announced draft amendment to the Constitution in 1992 on the means of mass communication to widely consult the strata.
Time for comments from the publication date to the end of March 31, 2013.
During edit this Constitution, many important issues of the country were the people consulted, reflected the different options for each of the terms Constitution
For the first time in history, the constitutional amendment suggestions the government of Vietnam in 1992 was sent to every household [1].
as reported by the agencies and organizations concerned, within five months to May 5/2013, has over 26 million opinions from people on the draft amendment to the Constitution, with more than 28,000 conferences, workshops, seminars are held
Many people who have comments to make Article 4 to the ruling party political competition with other parties, modify the terms of human rights, land ownership, state organizations, armed forces, referendum to the Constitution.
Newspaper People&#39;s Army in this time given the article stated view that &quot;sweeping Article 4 of the draft amending and supplementing the 1992 Constitution&quot; is &quot;scheming remove the leadership of the Communist Party of Vietnam Male&quot;.
General Secretary Nguyen Phu Trong also said that some suggestions for the draft, including proposed amendments to Article 4, expressed &quot;political recession&quot;.
Professor Nguyen Minh theory that abandon or keep Article 4 does not substantially change the nature of the only leader of the Communist Party, once Article 2 The draft amendment to the Constitution in 1992, asserts that &quot;the Republic of socialist Vietnam is a legitimate state socialism &quot;.
In the draft Constitution of the 3rd, the problems have been recorded in the draft (as renamed, put regulations on land acquisition for the purpose of economic and social, the referendum on the Constitution ...) However the draft amendment to the Constitution to the National Assembly latest month 5/2013: some of the content back as the first draft.
The new draft no longer stated plans back country name North Vietnam; keep coalition class platform (Article 2); with no express compact (Article 4); Preamble, the new draft does not recognize &quot;people&#39;s sovereignty&quot; but rather by &quot;sovereignty&quot; - when talking about the relationship between people and HP
January 2013, 72&#39;re patriots, intellectuals have jointly signed a petition entitled &quot;Recommendations for amending the 1992 Constitution&quot; (started January 19, 2013), referred to as Recommendation 72.
72 notables include: writer Nguyen Ngoc, Prof Tuong Lai, Vinh Nguyen Trong Major General, Dr. Le Dang Doanh, Dr. Nguyen Quang A ... In the list of the initiators, at least one half Communist party members, including those who have served as high or former advisor to senior leaders in the current political system.
February 4, Nguyen Dinh Loc, former Minister of Justice, the former Deputy Minister of Science and Technology Chu Hao, former Deputy Chairman of the Committee on Culture, Education, Youth, Teenagers and Children National Assembly Nguyen Minh theory, Prof. Hoang Xuan Phu, writer Nguyen Ngoc, Prof Tuong Lai, Professor Hoang Tuy, Dr Nguyen Quang A, Pham Chi Lan, former member of the research Department of the Prime Minister, Prof. Ho Uy Liem Natural Deputy Chairman of the Union of S &amp; KTVN ... came to office drafting committee to amend the Constitution granted the petition to amend the Constitution in 1992.
The content of the proposals and the draft Constitution attachment (considered as a document for reference and discussion) has expressed some views on the constitution beyond the framework of the current constitution (ie the 1992 Constitution - as amended in 2001), Recommendation proposes the separation of powers, leaving the leadership monopoly of the communist Party, apply ownership and individuals on land, leaving the main functions of the military team is to serve the ruling party instead of serving the people, spend more democratic rights for the people, the referendum on the Constitution.
According BauxitVN website, which posted the full text of petitions and call sign to support proposals include some key points:
Proposals on the Preamble and Chapter I: Constitution should define objectives firstly to ensure the safety, freedom and happiness of all people.
Constitutional rights should belong to the whole people, not to belong to any one organization or agency, including the Parliament.
Should clearly identify the subject decided to promulgate the constitution is the people.
Preamble is not a place to promote the merits of any organization or individual.
About Chapter I: If the constitution actually due to the people&#39;s decision, the predetermined leadership of state and society belong to a political organization or a class is left with the ownership of the people, human rights people, citizenship and contrary to the nature of a legitimate state.
Recommendations on human rights: draft request correction in the spirit of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in 1948 and the international conventions to which Vietnam has acceded to.
Proposals on land ownership: No acknowledge private ownership, collective or community land ownership coexist with the state is deprived of a right to the most important assets of the people.
Equate state ownership with public ownership of land is to create conditions for official authorities of corruption, catching the right, shaking hands with many private, corporate and profiteers, causing damage to the People especially farmers.
Recommendations on the organization of the State: must be a clear distinction of the legislature, executive and judiciary as well as other constitutional bodies.
All state agencies must comply with the Constitution and law.
Recommendations on the armed forces: All activities of the armed forces only to protect the integrity of the national territory and serve the people.
Armed forces loyal to the Fatherland and the people, not loyal to any organization.
Proposals on the referendum on the Constitution: &quot;Ensuring the rights being decided by the people for the Constitution, through the referendum to be held truly transparent and democratic scrutiny of the people and media.&quot;
The same group wrote the Constitution
Group Along Constitution Writing by Professor Ngo Bao Chau, Dam Thanh Son and former VietNamNet Chief Editor Nguyen Anh Tuan initiated, solicited comments through the website also wrote the Constitution from March 2/2013.
The group&#39;s proposal also wrote the Constitution relating to amending 29 articles of the draft amendment to the Constitution and add something new.
outlined some changes in the provisions of Article 4 of the 1980 Constitution to the 1992 Constitution of the leadership role of the Communist Party: &quot;The Republic of socialist Vietnam is a legitimate state socialist &quot;and the entire model of organization and operation of the state apparatus made the nature socialist in a constitution to be whole people agreed via referendum and, even without Article 4 nor anyone erase mode socialism, eliminate the leadership of the party in our country, &quot;said Le Tien, member of the Association jurist Vietnam, proposed constitutional amendments should have a separate chapter on the Party, in specifying the particular responsibility of the Party as leaders of the State and society.
Finished the President of Vietnam
Constitution of North Vietnam in 1946
Constitution of North Vietnam in 1959
Constitution of the Republic of Vietnam Socialist 1980
Constitution of the Republic Socialist of Vietnam in 1992
Category: Laws of Vietnam
Category: Government of Vietnam
Category: Law 1992
Bechara Boutros al-Rahi change
Santana da Vargem is a municipality of Minas Gerais state, Brazil.
The municipality has 172.729 km² area and a population of 7092 people in 2007, density of 46.4 persons / km².
Database cities of Brazil
Category: Urban Minas Gerais state
Bìm change bluff white forehead
Category: Subspecies class Birds
Draco Volans is a lizard in the family Agamidae.
This species was Linnaeus described the first science in 1758.
Category: Animals described in 1758
Category: Reptile Indonesia
Category: Reptile Philippines
Spiradiclis napoensis is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae.
This species is D.Fang &amp; ZMXie first scientific description in 2002.
Category: Plants described in 2002
Athripsodes phokos is a species in their Trichoptera Leptoceridae.
They range in southern India - Malaysia.
Grewia lorifolia is a species of flowering plant in the Malvaceae.
Scientists first described in 1888.
Category: Plants described in 1888
Crudia sparei is a species of flowering plant in the pea family.
Whitmore described species were first science.
Heterospathe woodfordiana species of flowering plants in the family Arecaceae.
Scientists first described in 1914.
Category: Heterospathe
Category: Plants described in 1914
Sphex ingens is an insect wing in their membrane sphecidae, genus Sphex.
This species is F. Smith described the first science in 1856.
List of species in sphecidae
Le Gros-Theil is a commune in the province of Eure in Normandy in northern France.
Hypnum Moss congruens is a species in them Hypnaceae.
This species is Hampe first scientific description in 1860.
Category: Plants described in 1860
Stipa pycnostachya is a species of flowering plants and sedges.
Scientists first described in 1878.
Category: Plants described in 1878
Accipiter henicogrammus a Accipitridae birds in them.
Category: Birds Indonesia
Category: Animals described in 1860
Commune East Park () is a commune in the district of Marshall, Minnesota, United States.
In 2010, the commune&#39;s population is 23 people.
Category: Society of Minnesota
Category: Marshall County, Minnesota
Olyra loretensis is a species of flowering plants and sedges.
This species is Mez first scientific description in 1917.
Category: Plants described in 1917
Pentastachyum Brachypodium is a species of flowering plants and sedges.
Nyman first scientific description in 1882.
Category: Brachypodium
Category: Plants described in 1882
en: Brachypodium pentastachyum
thumb | 200px | Self-portrait, from Tygodnik Ilustrowany (1889)
Henryk Pillati (born January 19, 1832 in Warsaw - took April 16, 1894 in Warsaw) is an illustrator, caricaturist and painter-style historic Polish Classic.
Henryk Pillati born into a wealthy family.
In 1845, he enrolled at the Warsaw School of Fine Arts.
In 1848, his parents were lost during an outbreak of cholera.
This forced him to leave school and go to work to feed the children.
Pillati make money by selling tabloid painting scenes of daily life and described the battle in the war Poland-Sweden.
In the two years 1852-1853, he painted a series of large format paintings to decorate the Vistula River steamship owned by Count Andrzej Zamoyski Artur.
The vessel was later confiscated Russians in January Uprising.
Pillati received a private scholarship to the École may attend in Paris des Beaux-Arts in a year.
Four years later, he continued his studies at the Academy of Fine Arts painting, Munich.
He also served in Rome during a period of time.
After 1860, despite continued painting history, Pillati mostly illustrations for books (especially the works of Adam Mickiewicz and Józef Ignacy Kraszewski) and several journals in Warsaw, including Tygodnik Ilustrowany (Ears), (The Wanderer) and (Literary Feast).
In 1879 he moved to Saint Petersburg to work for a publisher.
However, increasingly severe alcoholism ruined his health to the point that his brother, also a painter, to take him home.
He lived his last years at the base of the Warsaw Charity.
Later, his life treatment is mentioned in the novel by Wiktor Gomulicki Malaria.
Illustrations by Pillati @ the National Museum, Kraków
Category: Military Art
Cleteomonomma spinoculatum is a beetle in them zopheridae.
This species was described scientific Freude 1957.
Category: Cleteomonomma
Is a village in Tehsil Kadaranahalli gauribidanur, Chikkaballapur district, Karnataka state, India.
Category: Chikkaballapura (district)
Campylidium quisqueyanum is a species of moss in them Amblystegiaceae.
This species is (WR Buck) Ochyra first scientific description in 2003.
Category: Plants described in 2003
Lat Lum Kaeo District () is the westernmost district of Pathum Thani province, central Thailand.
The district was established March 28, 1906.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) is Bua Luang of Ayutthaya Province Lat, Sam Khok and Mueang Pathum Thani District Pathum Thani Province, Pak Kret, Bang Bua Thong and Sai Noi Nonthaburi province.
The district is subdivided into 7 subdistricts (tambon), this unit is divided into 67 villages (muban).
Rahaeng is a town (thesaban tambon) and covers parts of tambon Rahaeng.
Selenia lacticolor is a moth in them geometrids.
Category: Selenia (geometrids)
Micraira dunlopii is a species of flowering plants and sedges.
This species is Lazarides first scientific description in 1984 publ.
Category: Plants described in 1984
Coptocercus abberrans is a beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Reichwein 8684 (1992 FO3) is a main-belt asteroid was discovered March 30, 1992 by F. Borngen in Tautenburg.
JPL Small-Body Database Browser ngày 8684 Reichwein
Category: Main Belt Asteroids
Category: Astronomical objects discovered in 1992
Salesópolis is a municipality in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.
The municipality has 426 km² area and a population of 15,281 people in 2004, a population density of 35.87 people / km².
This is an urban component of the São Paulo metropolitan area.
The municipality of the state capital São Paulo state 94 km, is located at an altitude 850 meters. The climate is subtropical.
According to the 2000 census, the municipality has a Human Development Index 0.748, the rate of literacy is 86.14%.
Tiete River flowing through the north of the municipality while the south is mountainous.
Data of the population census in 2000
Population density (people / km²): 33.72
The mortality rate for infants under 1 year of age (over one million): 21.42
Average life expectancy (years): 68.50
The birth rate (number of children per mother): 2.41
Literacy rate: 86.14%
Human Development Index (HDI-M): 0.748
Human Development Index - Income: 0.698
Human Development Index - Lifetime: 0.725
Human Development Index - Education: 0.822
The municipality borders the following municipalities:
Official website
Category: Urban São Paulo state
Category: São Paulo Metropolitan Area
Dalstein is a commune in the province of Moselle, northeast region of France Grand Est.
Commune in the province Moselle
Category: Communes of the Moselle
Eubucco change richardsoni
Category: Subspecies class Birds
Dong Do University Change
Lepidosperma gahnioides species of flowering plants in the family Sedge.
This species is RLBarrett first scientific description in 2007.
Category: Lepidosperma
Category: Plants described in 2007
Mallinella submonticola an ant spider spiders in them.
This species of the genus Mallinella.
Mallinella van Hove &amp; submonticola was described in 1984 by Robert BOSMANS.
Gustrow () is a former district in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.
This district borders the districts (from the north clockwise): Bad Doberan, nordvorpommern, DEMMIN, Müritz, Parchim and nordwestmecklenburg.
Gustrow district was created in 1994 through the merger of the old district gustrow, Teterow and bützow.
The district is located in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania center.
Warnow River flows through the district from southwest to north.
Southern lakes district&#39;s northern edge forming Müritz lakeland.
In 2011, it merged with the district Bad Doberan district to establish new district of Rostock.
Official website (German)
Category: Rostock (district)
Category: Society and municipality in the district of Rostock
Marie Kyselková (born August 20, 1935 in Brno) was a model and actress was a time of love Popular Film Czechoslovakia.
She is best known for the character Princess Lada (drama princess gold star on the forehead) - the sole protagonist in the lifetime operation of his short art.
After graduating from high school in Brno, for reasons of poor health, moved to Prague and Marie Kyselková entered the field of art as a fashion model.
Who found Marie Kyselková director Jiří SEQUENS, she was invited to undertake a small role in the movie Mountain Wind (1955).
Then Marie Kyselková acting in SK Neumann Theater (now Theater Palmovka).
She still regularly participate in drama Bomb (1957) and Desire (1958), but still only small roles.
However, the chance to shine occurred to Marie Kyselková when the actor playing the role of Princess Miriam Hynkova Lada to withdraw due to ill health, she was directed by Martin Fric replaced invite trust.
Complete movie and resounding success, bringing Marie Kyselková from an unknown actor into superstardom, the public cinema Czechoslovakia known.
However, soon after, Marie Kyselková abruptly retired from film school, back to family life as the wife of a famous film actress and mother of three young children.
1955: Mountain wind (directed by Jiří SEQUENS)
1957: The bomb (directed by Jaroslav Balik) ... Lida
1958: Desire (director Vojtěch Jasny)
1959: Princess gold star on his forehead (directed by Martin Fric) ... Princess Lada
Information on Website Database Czechoslovak Film
Category: Film actress Czechoslovakia
Category: Film actress Republic
Psychotria arnoldiana is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae.
This species is De Wild.
Scientists first described in 1910.
Category: Plants described in 1910
Prosthechea favoris is a species of flowering plants in the orchid family.
This species is (Rchb.f.)
Salazar &amp; Soto Arenas first scientific description in 2001.
Category: Plants described in 2001
Orientelmis sinensis is a species of beetles in them Elmidae.
This species was described Shepard science in 1998.
Leucauge severa a long-jawed orb weaver spiders in them.
This species of the genus Leucauge.
Eugen von Keyserling Leucauge severa was described in 1893.
Beilschmiedia riparia species of flowering plants in the family laurel.
Miranda described species were first scientist in 1953.
Category: Plants described in 1953
Rectolejeunea tapajosensis is a species of moss in them Lejeuneaceae.
This species (Spruce) RM
Scientists first described in 1980.
Category: Rectolejeunea
Category: Plants described in 1980
Bryum Moss breviramulosum is a species in them Bryaceae.
This species is (Hampe) Mitt.
Scientists first described in 1882.
Category: Plants described in 1882
Melanotus pellitus is a beetle in the family Elateridae.
This species was described scientific Schwarz in 1898.
Idaea plumbearia is a moth in them geometrids.
Levacetylmethadol (INN), levomethadyl acetate (Usan), OrLAAM (trade name) or levo-α-acetylmethadol (LAAM) is a synthetic opioid with similar structure methadone.
It has a long duration of action due to the active metabolite of it.
It was approved in 1993 by the Food and Drug Administration for use in the treatment of opioid dependence.
In 2001, levacetylmethadol were eliminated from the European market due to reports of ventricular arrhythmias threatening.
In 2003, Roxane Labs Laboratory, Inc. stopped Orlaam in America.
LAAM is indicated as secondary therapy in the treatment and control of opioid dependence, if patients do not respond to drugs such as methadone or buprenorphine for.
Before August 1993, LAAM is classified as a first drug in the United States.
LAAM is not approved for use in Australia and Canada.
Currently, it is a controlled substance Table II drug in the United States with DEA ACSCN is 9648 and the annual production quota national general is 4 grams in 2013.
Levacetylmethadyl acts as an agonist for mu-opioid receptors.
It also acts as a potent, non-competitive α 3 β 4 nicotinic acetylcholine neuron receptor antagonists.
Levomethadyl acetate is levo isomer of α-methadyl acetate.
Dextro isomer, d - alphacetylmethadol, stronger but shorter effect.
Levo isomer is less toxic in mice with 110 mg / kg sc and 172.8 mg / kg oral LD50 s opposed to 61 mg / kg sc and 118.3 mg / kg oral for dl -α-methadyl acetate .
It has a melting point of 215 ° C and a molecular weight of 353.50 is. β-methadyl acetate also exists, however it is toxic and less active than the α-methadyl acetate and not used in medicine today.
Levomethadyl acetate metabolism undergoes extensive first demethylated metabolite nor-LAAM operations, continue demethylation metabolite second operation, dinor-LAAM.
The stronger this metabolite parent drug.
LAAM is used as an oral solution in a concentration levomethadyl acetate hydrochloride 10 mg / mL in 500 mL bottles of 120 and under the brand name Orlaam.
LAAM first dose for patients who have not started treatment with methadone is 20-40 mg. The first dose for patients who use methadone will be slightly higher than the amount of methadone to drink every day, but not more than 120 mg. Then, the dosage can be adjusted as needed.
Unlike methadone, which requires daily administration, LAAM managed two to three times a week.
Monograph for Orlaam rxlist
Bank of pharmaceuticals: Levomethadyl Acetate
http://cat.inist.fr/?aModele=afficheN&cpsidt=2706063
http://cat.inist.fr/?aModele=afficheN&cpsidt=2390242
Eden Social Change, Wyandot County, Ohio
Leioproctus seydi is a species in the family Hymenoptera colletidae.
This species was described scientific Strand 1910.
Category: Animals described in 1910
Copris bidens is a beetle in scarabaeidae (Scarabaeidae).
Glyphodes margaritaria is a moth in them Crambidae.
Category: Animals described in 1764
Polystichum aquifolium is a fern in the family Dryopteridaceae.
This species is underw.
&amp; Maxon first scientific description in 1902.
Scientific name of this species has not been elucidated.
Category: Plants described in 1902
Category: Unresolved names
Ptilodactyla africana is a species of beetles in them Ptilodactylidae.
This species was described Pic science in 1942.
Category: Ptilodactyla
The Kanawha darters (Etheostoma kanawhae) is a species of fish in them Percidae.
It is endemic to the United States.
Gimenez Dixon, M. 1996.
2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
Accessed August 4, 2007.
Portulaca sedifoliala a species of flowering plant belonging portulacaceae, Portulacaceae, is endemic to Yemen.
Natural habitat of them are rocky areas.
2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
Accessed August 23, 2007.
Category: Plants Yemen
Dalea Verna is a species of flowering plant in the pea family.
Barneby species were first described science.
Anticharis juncea is a species of flowering plant in the Scrophulariaceae.
This species is L.Bolus first scientific description in 1915.
Category: Plants described in 1915
Artemisia amygdalina is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae.
Scientists first described in 1843.
Category: Plants described in 1843
en: Artemisia amygdalina
Centropogon delicatulus species of flowering plants in campanulaceae.
This species is McVaugh first scientific description in 1957.
Category: Centropogon (Campanulaceae)
Category: Plants described in 1957
Nesithmysus swezeyi is a beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
Coffee King Coffee is coffee product brand developed by Vietnam Company Limited TNI launched in 10/2016 in the United States and then continue to develop in more than 60 countries and regions, including large markets such as China, the US, Japan, Russia, Singapore, South Korea ... before returning to Vietnam in January 8/2017.
Developing products Coffee King unlike most products, and other companies, TNI Coffee King Corporation was launched and conquer the international market then later returned to Vietnam.
King Coffee is set by the CEO of TNI Corporation - Le Hoang Diep Thao, through the name of Ms. Thao said to desire to build up the brand legendary Vietnam coffee.
The use of the name King Coffee will help global product development possible in the international market.
Coffee Vietnam one of the sectors with the most growth in Vietnam, coffee for the first time introduced into our country through the French established plantation near Ke Department, North America in 1888.
Then trees were planted more coffee in the Northwest, Phu Quy- Nghe An and Dak LAKK, Lam Dong, ...
After 1975, Vietnam&#39;s coffee trees thrive in the new Central Highlands provinces.
This is the coffee capital of Buon Ma Thuot - which offers the finest coffee beans Robusta Vietnam to King Coffee.
Instant coffee appeared on the market in 1950 and has grown rapidly based on increasingly fast pace of life of people.
Since the 2000s, instant coffee began to thrive in Vietnam with a leading brand is Nescafe, VinaCafe, G7.
Coffee King Coffee was created to follow on from the success of the G7, which will grow next to the world market and diversification of products from instant coffee to coffee roasters.
10/2016 TNI first released King Coffee brand coffee in Events Music Thuy Nga Paris By Night (120) USA.
The launch in the US market was striking not only for Vietnamese people but also to the American people, then spread to other countries such as Korea, India, Singapore, Russia, China ...
11/2016 Coffee King appeared in Korea in 2016 and the Exhibition Café Show on shelves supermarket chain Kim&#39;s Club&#39;s top Korea.
3/2017 There are more new product line of King Coffee was introduced in China Food &amp; Drinks in Chengdu, China.
In the same month 3/2017 King Coffee launches Indian market through the International Food and Hospitality Expo Fair held in New Dehli, India.
With demand increasing exports, coffee factory in Bac Giang can not meet international orders.
20/04/2017 TNI King Coffee factory was inaugurated in Nam Tan Uyen Industrial Park, Binh Duong after 5 months of construction.
The plant has a 51,300 m2 area equipped with coffee production technology from modern Europe, meet quality standards, food safety and international market.
With a capacity of 145,000 tonnes / year, specialized in producing series King Coffe for domestic consumption and export in 88 countries.
5/2017 King Coffee coffee represent Vietnam to attend the SIAL China 2017 in China, the official King Coffee crawl billion population market penetration.
8/2017 King Coffee rotary debut Vietnamese ye serve domestic consumers.
King Coffee Product Lines
Instant coffee 3 in 1: composition from instant coffee, creamers, sugar and grain is grain Robusta (Robusta coffee) from Prime Minister coffee Buon Ma Thuot to taste the whole process more suitable the tastes of consumers today than &quot;3in1 coffee G7.
Instant coffee Black: made from coffee 100% pure coffee beans Arbica and Robusta, no sugar, no cream, for those who prefer the taste of latte or used for preparation according to individual taste .
Esspresso: crafted entirely from seed Arbica European technology, high price.
Coffee 2 in 1: same as 3 in 1 but no sugar (only soluble coffee and powdered cream), for people who like to drink coffee or interest in health can not use sugar.
Mostly Blend coffee, in particular the TNI King Coffee, Coffee Blend are blended from four different types of coffee are: Arabica, Robusta, Excelsa and Catimor.
Inspire Blend: taste harmonious, loving, long aroma, suitable for people with mild coffee taste, aroma hold long in the mouth.
Gourmet Blend: strong flavor and richer, matching tastes of Vietnamese coffee.
Expert Blend: made especially for private use for the cafe, bartender will be mixing his formula to create its own flavor.
The grain is used for the highest percentage in this line is Robusta.
2 years from first appeared on the market 10/2016, King Coffee had some achievements:
Last month 3/2017 became King Coffee coffee products Top 4 best-selling T-Mall (Alibaba&#39;s sales page).
Date 10/08/2017, TNI Corporation with King Coffee product line received the award &quot;Brand, products and services popular in Asia - Pacific 2017&quot;, by the Institute for Management and Development of Asia and Tap National Media Group poll Vietnam.
May 11/2017: King Coffee is selected on display at the exhibition &quot;Vietnam - Partnership and potential credibility&quot; on the sidelines of the APEC Summit in 2017
Gutman 13 279 (1998 QN43) is a main-belt asteroid was discovered August 17, 1998 by a research group of asteroids near Earth&#39;s Lincoln Laboratory in Socorro.
JPL Small-Body Database Browser ngày 13279 Gutman
Category: Main Belt Asteroids
Category: Astronomical objects discovered in 1998
Cyclostrema bushi is a species of sea snail, a gastropod mollusk in the family Liotiidae marine life.
Kumoglu a district social Zara, Sivas Province, Turkey.
Population moment is 73 people in 2011.
Category: Villages in the province of Sivas
Meteoriopsis undulata is a species of moss in them Meteoriaceae.
Scientists first described in 1936.
Category: Meteoriopsis
Category: Plants described in 1936
Rubus pinnatus species of flowering plants in their commission.
Scientists first described in 1799.
Category: Plants described in 1799
Silvanops columbinus is a beetle in them silvanidae.
This species was described Grouvelle science in 1881.
Small | Main content in biological populations.
Population biology is a field of biology who studies population living creatures on various aspects.
The term translated from English: Population biology, French: biologie des Populations ... are using only one field of biology who studies the population in areas such as: structures (age, gender) of populations, distribution of individuals in space, growth (increasing number of individuals) of the population, the interaction between individuals and populations, migration and immigration, the process of genetic and evolution occurs in populations etc. yet research field so wide, but the main contents of complex modern biology is the field of ecology and genetics field.
Thomas Robert Malthus (Man-good) might be seen as scientists earlier studies on this field, although he is an economist has detected a famous ( &quot;An Essay on the Principle of population &quot;, 1798) pointed in particular to the human population.
However, his research achievements have inspired Charles Darwin to (Darwin) further study.
In the famous work had caused a revolution in natural science of the nineteenth century &quot;Origin of Species&quot; (Originally in English: &quot;On the Origin of Species&quot;, 1859), Darwin was influenced by Malthus and &quot;see&quot; the &quot;struggle for survival&quot; in nature, is one of the reasons leading to the formation and birth theory of natural selection famous - one of the cornerstones of modern biology .
However, in Darwin&#39;s time, the term &quot;organism populations&quot; not yet born, but he too has flaws when said &quot;individual&quot; creature as a &quot;unit&quot; forming new species, rather a &quot;population&quot; according to modern conceptions.
Arguably Ernst Haeckel have contributed much to the establishment and development of biological original populations.
Modern biological populations supposedly born around the early years of the 1960s.
Population biology is an interdisciplinary field that combines the fields of ecology, genetics, evolutionary biology, etc.
mainly research on the subject is complex creature rather than the single individual organism.
In biological populations today, researchers use many different tools: not only take in genetics, ecology, but also in all statistical probability, molecular biology, etc. and interaction populations of different species and the environment.
The use of mathematical tools in biological populations has led to new discoveries, as Lotka-Volterra equations such as a mathematical applications in biological populations.
However, it makes those who have little understanding of mathematics often afraid.
In natural populations of organisms can survive in very different scales.
A local populations (local population) is usually limited to a small space, such as ponds or lakes.
However, the local population could be related to each other, especially through the spread (such as migrants and immigrants).
When the instance of the local population can be spread together, the set of this population make super populations (metapopulation).
With this object, biological populations should always build migration patterns.
In short, the knowledge in the field of biological populations is the knowledge of very different areas of biology, but mainly limited to the level of populations, not individual studies separately.
Theoretical Population Biology
The American Naturalist
Journal of Mathematical Biology
Journal of Theoretical Biology
Category: Ecology
Category: Genetics
Wilmot commune () is a commune in Bradford County, Pennsylvania, United States.
In 2010, the population is 1,204 people in the commune.
Category: Society of Pennsylvania
Category: Bradford County, Pennsylvania
Elsholtzia strobilifera is a species of flowering plant in the family environment States.
This species is (Benth.)
Scientists first described in 1833.
Category: elsholtzia
Category: Plants described in 1833
Brachionidium Imperiale is a species of flowering plants in the orchid family.
This Luer &amp; Hirtz species ex Harling &amp; L.Andersson first scientific description in 2005.
Category: Brachionidium
Category: Plants described in 2005
Crotalaria congesta is a species of flowering plant in the pea family.
This species was described Polhill first science.
Generalized or generalize an abstract form, whereby the general properties of the particular case being considered the concepts or general statements.
Generalized poses the existence of a domain or set of elements, as well as one or more common characteristics are the elements that share (thus creating a conceptual model).
As such, they are the essential basis of all deductive inference valid (especially logic, mathematics and science), in which the verification process is required to determine whether a generalization is correct with any specific situations which are not.
Generalizations can also be used to indicate the process of identifying the parts of the whole, as belonging to the whole.
Parts, can not related to rest, can be combined into a group, so that the whole belongs by setting the overall relationship between them.
However, the part can not be generalized to the whole until a general relationship is established between all the parts.
This does not mean that the parts are not related, but the relationship has not yet been set for the general generalizing.
Concept generalization has wide application in many industries connected, and sometimes can mean more specifically in the context of specialized (such generalization in psychology, generalized learning) .
Category: Concept epistemology
Category: Epistemology of science
Category: Methodology philosophy
Category: problem-solving skills
Category: Scientific Method
Tillandsia jalisco-pinicola is a species of the genus Tillandsia.
It is endemic to Mexico.
Checklist of Mexican Bromeliaceae with Notes on Species Distribution and Levels of Endemism truy cập 3 tháng 11 năm 2009
Category: Plants endemic Mexico
Category: Plants Jalisco
Colostygia cyrnea is a moth in them geometrids.
Senna hirsuta is a species of flowering plant in the pea family.
This species (L.) HSIrwin &amp; Barneby described first science.
Johanna Sigurdardottir () (born October 4, 1942) is a politician and incumbent prime minister of Iceland.
Her previous holding of Ministers of Social Affairs and Social Security 1987-1994 and 2007-2009 periods.
She is a member of the Althing (Parliament of Iceland) in the election unit Reykjavík since 1978, was re-elected eight consecutive quarters.
She became the first female prime minister of Iceland at the beginning of February 1, 2009; she also became government leaders openly gay himself first in modern history.
Category: Prime Minister of Iceland
Category: Female Prime Minister
Category: Living people
Category: The lesbian
Category: Flight attendant
Category: Politicians from Reykjavík
Category: Female politicians Iceland
King of Iraq (Arabic: ملك العراق, Malik al-&#39;Iraq), is the head of state is the monarch of Iraq and from 1921 to 1958.
He is the head of the Iraqi monarchy Hashim and known by the name Majesty (صاحب الجلالة).
After World War I and the disintegration of the Ottoman Empire, the three provinces (vilayets) of Ottoman Iraq suffered under the control of the United Kingdom.
Under the British occupation, the insurgency of the Iraqi people has shown itself as a land of hard ruler.
To establish a regime dependent relatives UK, the British have established a line of kings Hashemite dynasty from Saudi Arabia, starting with Ali bin Hussein&#39;s son Faisal I. From a family with originating in the Hejaz, the Hashim clan still seen as foreign in Iraq.
The British government has appointed them to the Iraqi royal family after a referendum fraud.
This dynasty was largely the objections of the majority of Shi&#39;is and Kurds in Iraq.
Kingdom of Iraq existed until 1958 coup by Iraqi nationalists called Revolution July 14 established the Republic of Iraq.
thumb | center | 220px | Hoang period of King Iraq
List of Assyrian kings
List of the king of Babylon
List of Iraqi President
List of Sunni Muslim dynasties
Cyclea tonkinensis is a species of flowering plant in menispermaceae.
This species is Gagnep.
Scientists first described in 1908.
Category: Plants described in 1908
Cybianthus spectabilis is a species of flowering plant in the UK they draft.
This species is (Standl.)
G.Agostini first scientific description in 1980.
Category: Plants described in 1980
Ellenabad is a city and municipality where committee (municipal committee) of Sirsa district of Haryana, India.
Ellenabad position It has an average elevation of 189 meters is (620 feet).
According to the Census of India 2001, 32 786 people ellenabad population.
Males constitute 54% of the population and females 46%.
Ellenabad ratio 57% literacy, lower than the national average rate of 59.5%: male literacy is 64%, and female literacy is 49%.
At ellenabad, 15% of the population is under 6 years of age.
Category: City in the state of Haryana
Diuris laxiflora is a species of flowering plants in the orchid family.
Scientists first described in 1840.
Category: Plants described in 1840
Lycaena ottomanus is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae.
It is found in Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Greece, Hungary, Macedonia, Serbia and Montenegro, and Turkey.
Natural habitat is temperate forests of them and temperate shrubland.
We currently threatened by habitat loss.
2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
Accessed July 31, 2007.
Category: Insects Europe
Pitcairnia stenophylla is a species of flowering plant in the family Bromeliaceae.
This species is André science first described in 1888.
Category: Plants described in 1888
đổi Aleksey Nikolayevich Kuropatkin
Tephrosia bachmannii is a species of flowering plant in the pea family.
This species was described Harms first science.
Nemoraea pictipennis a tachinidae flies in them.
Plattycantha cornuta is in them Aeshnidae dragonfly species.
This species is Förster first scientific description in 1900.
Category: Plattycantha
Category: Animals described in 1900
Phymatosorus pustulatus is a species of vascular plants in the family Polypodiaceae.
Large, Braggins & P.S.
Green described the first science in 1992.
Category: Phymatosorus
Category: Plants described in 1992
Meriola arcifera a spider in them Trachelidae.
This species of the genus meriola.
Eugène Simon meriola arcifera was described in 1886.
Buwaydat Rihaniyah () is a village in Syria&#39;s Homs located in the eastern district of Al-Mukharram, Homs province.
According to the Central Statistics Syria, Buwaydat Rihaniyah population 419 in the 2004 census.
Category: Coordinates on wikidata
Stenotritus nitidus is a species of bees in them Stenotritidae.
This species was first described in 1879 scientists.
Category: Animals described in 1879
Ancilla Castanea is a species of sea snail, a gastropod mollusk marine life in them Olividae snails Olive.
Category: Animals described in 1830
Brenda Giselle Castro Madrigal (born July 25, 1992, Guapiles, Limón, Costa Rica) is a model of Costa Rica and beauty pageants have been crowned and the title of Miss Costa Rica 2015, and represents his country at the contest of Miss universe 2015.
Brenda was born in Guapiles, Limón province, Costa Rica.
A career from a very small, she started working as a model at the age of 15 his.
Before winning the Miss National Miss Costa Rica, she has won many awards in the world of beauty such as: Señorita Expo-Pococí 2008 Miss Teen Costa Rica in 2011, Miss Latinoamérica Costa Rica in 2014 and Señorita Costa Rica Verano 2015.
In addition to the title of runner-up in the contest, she also participated and high achievement in a number of other competitions such as: Runner 2 - Miss Teen International 2011 and runner-3 Miss Latin American Nations 2014 International.
Miss Costa Rica 2015
Brenda was crowned Miss Costa Rica by Costa Rican Miss Universe 2014, Karina Ramos.
Brenda Limon represent the state of competition in La Sabana is held and broadcast on Teletica.
In its role as Miss Costa Rica, she participated in the Miss Universe 2015 on December 20, 2015, but left without being ranked.
Category: Miss Costa Rica
Category: The Costa Rica
Category: Living people
Mechanical Butterfly function (English: Sphenomandibularis) is the butterfly clinging to bone and lower jaw.
Here is a chewed Unlike most of the muscles in the human body is classified ago from several centuries, the butterfly function is only to be found and studied since the mid-1990s at the University of Maryland in Baltimore and officially announced in 1996.
Multiple document recognizing the butterfly function is part of the temporal muscle, rather than a separate body.
Identification and Visualizing Mechanical Butterfly function in Database Model Men and Women; Models who projects; National Library of Medicine USA
Dendrobium orchids in luteolum a dendrobium.
Category: Plants described in 1864
Poillé-sur-vègre is a commune in the province of Sarthe in the Pays-de-la-Loire northwest France.
It lies at an elevation areas from 38-96 meters above sea level.
The town is located in the right bank of the river Vegre, river boundaries forming the northeast and southeast of the town.
Category: Communes of the Sarthe
Olibrinus mangroviarum is a species in their legs are Olibrinidae.
This species was described scientific Ferrara 1972.
Pedemontana Arabidopsis is a species of flowering plant in the family Restoration.
This species is (Boiss.)
O&#39;Kane &amp; Al-Shehbaz first scientific description in 1997.
Category: Plants described in 1997
đổi Hirayama Tomonori
Ctenusa rufirena is a moth in the family Noctuidae.
Hacimehmet is a commune in the district Yalova, Yalova Province, Turkey.
Population moment is 813 people in 2010.
Category: Villages in the province of Yalova
Oshawa commune () is a commune in Nicollet County, Minnesota, United States.
In 2010, the commune&#39;s population is 502 people.
Category: Society of Minnesota
Category: Nicollet County, Minnesota
Xyris tuberosa is a species of angiosperms in xyridaceae.
Scientists first described in 1920.
Category: Plants described in 1920
Region Sjælland () is the southernmost administrative region of Denmark, was established on January 1, 2007 in an administrative reform on a national scale.
County area includes the old Sjælland Roskilde, Storstrom, and Vestsjaelland.
Area is named after the island Zealand, the island will be divided between Sjælland region and the capital region of Denmark.
Sjælland region also includes the island of Lolland island, Falster and Mon.
Category: National and territories beginning in 2007
Category: Region Denmark
Paragomphus kiautai the dragonfly species in them Gomphidae.
This species was described Legrand 1992 first science.
Category: Animals described in 1992
Eucratides II (Greek:) is a Greco-Bactrian kings who succeeded and perhaps a child of Eucratides I. Perhaps Eucratides II ruled in a relatively short time after killing harm people with his same name, until he was overthrown in a civil war reign is caused by those who join the assassination.
During his years previously, Eucratides II may be a co-regent with his father: on coins his later, his use of the title Soter (deliverer), which may be an indication that he is now its own rule.
Immediately after Eucratides II died, the last king of Bactria Heliocles I (could be another member of the dynasty) was defeated by the Tocharian or tribes Yuezhi, who were chasing the kings who Greeks from Bactria.
Greco-Bactrian Kingdom
Indo-Parthian Kingdom
"The Shape of Ancient Thought.
Comparative studies in Greek and Indian Philosophies" by Thomas McEvilley (Allworth Press and the School of Visual Arts, 2002) ISBN 1-58115-203-5
"Buddhism in Central Asia" by B.N.
Puri (Motilal Banarsidass Pub, January 1, 2000) ISBN 81-208-0372-8
"The Greeks in Bactria and India", W.W. Tarn, Cambridge University Press.
Category: King Greco-Bactrian
Category: Five take unknown
Category: Year of birth unknown
Dorothy Bush Koch change
Vo Quang (March 1, 1920 - June 15, 2007) is a famous writer of Vietnam.
His literary career mainly focused on the subject of children.
He also was the first translation of Don Quixote into Vietnamese under the pseudonym Hoang Huy since 1959.
He was awarded the State of Vietnam State Award for Literature and Art in 2007.
Life and literary career
He was born March 1, 1920, Dai Hoa Commune in Dai Loc District, Quang Nam Province.
1935, while studying at the International Baccalaureate Hue University, he joined the Democratic Youth held in Hue, in 1939 as its head of Youth section to Hue.
September 1941, the French government was arrested in Thua Phu prison, then was sent to arrest indefinitely at home.
After the August Revolution of 1945 broke out, he was appointed government commissioner Vietnam Ming Danang Justice.
When French troops retook the South, he was appointed to the position of Vice President of Administration Committee of Da Nang city resistance.
From 1947 to 1954, as jurors politics (ie the Deputy Chief Justice) military court in South Vietnam.
This time, he also wrote some poems for children.
After to the North, he was sent to work in the position of Member of the Central Children, in charge of children&#39;s literature.
He is one of the founders and served as director Kim Dong Publishing House, A time later, he was appointed Director of Animation Studio Vietnam.
In 1965 he was admitted as members Vietnam Writers&#39; Association.
In 1968, his work at the Ministry of Culture, in 1971, the Vietnam Writers &#39;Association, was appointed as chairman of the Children&#39;s Literature Vietnam Writers&#39; Association and held this position until his retirement .. .
In 2007, he was awarded the State Prize in Literature and Art.
He died at 11 hours 20 minutes June 15, 2007 in Hanoi.
His grave at the cemetery located in Vinh Phuc province.
Vo Quang writer who wrote many stories and poems for children for many generations works like:
Daybreak story 1976
Ladder series 1961
See the flowers bloom (poetry 1962)
Banyan tree village Property (1964)
The warm jacket (series 1970)
He Fireflies (poetry, 1970)
Bamboo (poetry, Lot Lot Lot
Home interior (series 1974)
Good lesson (stories, 1975)
Hen flower (poetry 1975)
Home interior | At dawn (series 1976)
Howling gibbons (series 1993)
Sunshine soon (verse 1993)
Longitude, latitude (series 1995)
Son Tinh Thuy Tinh, Son 2 (scenario cartoon).
Rafting (from Chapter XI of internal Que story)
In addition, he also has poems rhyme &quot;Come in&quot; Children are very famous.
Category: The Quang Nam
Category: State Award
Category: Vietnam Writers
Oakland is a town in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, United States.
In 2010, the population of this town is 616 people.
Category: Town of Pennsylvania
Category: Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania
Wang Hao (Wang Hao,; May 20, 1921 - May 13, 1995) was a logician, philosopher, mathematician Chinese-Americans.
He was born in Jinan, Shandong, China.
After obtaining a bachelor&#39;s degree in mathematics in 1943 Southwestern University United and a master of philosophy in 1945 at Tsinghua University he went to America to continue higher education.
He studied logic at Harvard University and received his doctorate in 1948.
That same year he was appointed assistant professor at Harvard.
Early 1950s, Wang studied with Paul Bernays in Zurich.
In 1956, he was appointed assistant professor of mathematical philosophy from Oxford University and in 1961 he served as professor of mathematics and logic applied mathematics at Harvard University.
From 1967 to 1991, he headed the logical team at Rockefeller University, New York City, as a logical school professor.
In 1972, Wang joined the group of American scientists Chinese Kung Chih-Jen as head of the role of the first delegation from the US like this to the People&#39;s Republic of China.
One of the most important inventions of the tip Wang Wang.
He pointed out that any Turing machine can be converted into a set of tip Wang.
Category: Americans United
Category: The Shandong
Category: Harvard University alumni
Category: Alumni of Tsinghua University
Category: 20th century mathematicians
Category: philosophy from Shandong
Social change Porter, Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania
Corallodendron senegalense is a species of flowering plant in the pea family.
Kuntze first scientific description in 1891.
Category: Corallodendron
Category: Plants described in 1891
Dendrobium aclinia is a species of flowering plants in the orchid family.
This species is Rchb.f.
Scientists first described in 1856.
Category: Plants described in 1856
Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden () is the city&#39;s zoo in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA.
As one of the oldest zoos in the United States, it opened in 1875 with the name Cincinnati Zoo (), only 14 months after the Philadelphia Zoo, July 1, 1874.
Reptile house () is the oldest zoo building in America, it was built in 1875.
Cincinnati Zoo Cincinnati played at the Avondale.
It was founded on the city center and then buy a few pieces of land around and a few protected areas in the suburbs of Cincinnati.
Zoo activities breeding programs and was the first zoo species breeding successfully California sea lions.
The zoo breeding programs have reported hunt, Sumatran rhinos, Malayan tigers, gorillas, western lowland, Perodicticus potto, and Masai giraffes.
Cincinnati Zoo used to keep Martha, the last passenger pigeon, the bird died in 1914.
Animal zoo last Carolina parakeet, called Incas, until 1918.
Zoo is an accredited member of the Association of Zoos and Aquarium (AZA), and is a member of the Association of Zoos and Aquarium World (WAZA).
Home Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden
Category: Association of Zoo and Aquarium
Category: Association of Zoo and Aquarium World
Funisciurus change lemniscatus
Category: Subspecies of Animal class
Kalgoorlie is a city in Western Australia, Australia.
The city has a population (2010).
Kalgoorlie, known as Kalgoorlie-Boulder is located in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia, and is located 595 km (370 miles) east-northeast of the state capital of Perth at the end of the Great Eastern highway.
The town was founded in 1893 in the Yilgarn-Goldfields gold rush.
At the 2006 census, there were 28,250 people population, makes the largest urban center in the Goldfields-Esperance region and fifth largest in Western Australia.
Category: Cities of Australia
Saint-Julien-le-Roux is a commune in the province of Ardèche, in the Rhône-Alpes region southeastern France.
Ichneumon deustus is a keystone species in their ichneumonidae.
Oxystophyllum cultratum is a species of flowering plants in the orchid family.
This species is (Schltr.)
Scientists first described in 2003.
Category: Oxystophyllum
Category: Plants described in 2003
Paediatrics Hospital is a public hospital based in 18/879 La Thanh Street, Lang Thuong Ward, Dong Da District, Hanoi ..
Director: Prof. Dr. Le Thanh Hai
Deputy Director: Prof. Dr. Tran Minh Sweden
Deputy director: Dr. Pham Duy Hien
Deputy Director: Ms. Trinh Ngoc Hai
Deputy Director: Senior Doctor Nguyen Van Loc
Nguyen Thanh Liem: 4 / 2003-25 / 4/2013
Le Thanh Hai: 25/4/2013-present
Faculty of Genetics and Molecular Biology
imaging dept
Faculty research in molecular biology &amp; infectious diseases
Infection control
Faculty Voluntary Treatment A
Faculty Voluntary Treatment B
Faculty voluntary C Treatment
Faculty biz Surgery Causing Resuscitation me-
Faculty aggressive treatment
Immunology - Allergy - Matches
Faculty of Physical Therapy - Rehabilitation
Faculty of Clinical Hematology
Nephrology - Urology
Internal Medicine Genetics tiet- Hoa Flights
Faculty of Clinical Nutrition
Clinical nutrition and restriction
Industry giant Nhi Thang Chu Van Tuong Hung, VTC 21/09/2007
View the location on Google Maps.
Note: Due to editing errors that name on Google Maps may not be accurate.
Category: Public Hospital
Change romantic music
Metalectra albifasciata is a moth in them Erebidae.
Radio - Television Nam Dinh (English: Nam Dinh Radio - Television, abbreviated: NTV) is Radio - Television under the People&#39;s Committee of Nam Dinh province, Vietnam.
Director Nguyen Duy Hien
Deputy Director Vu Thi Minh Tran Duc Hung.
On television broadcasting, television broadcasting Nam Dinh with duration of 24 / 24h, duration, produce over 40%.
Currently, in addition to terrestrial broadcasting, NTV also aired via satellite and internet vinasat-2.
AVG: Channel 81 (now stopped broadcasting)
MyTV - VNPT: Channel 181
FPT: 158 Channel / Channel 157
OTT TV: HTVC, FPT Play Clip TV, MyTV net
NTV radio show with length 24 / 24h, full coverage southern Red River delta on the frequency 95.1 MHz.
Category: Culture of Nam Dinh
Category: Television in Vietnam
Category: Radio Vietnam
Bang Nam Priao District () is the extreme northwest district ( &#39;&#39; Amphoe &#39;&#39;) of Chachoengsao Province, central Thailand.
The central location of the old district was located in Bang Nam Priao District Ban Ton Samrong, Tambon Bang Khanak.
In 1905, the government built the district office in Tambon Bang Nam Priao District.
In 1952, the government built new offices on the north bank Khlong Bang Khanak (Khlong Saen Saeb).
Current district office was built in 1997.
Neighboring districts are (from the southeast follow clockwise) is Khlong Khuean District, Mueang Chachoengsao Province Chachoengsao, Nong Chok Bangkok, Lam Luk Ka in the province of Pathum Thani, Ongkharak province of Nakhon Nayok and Ban Sang of Prachinburi Province.
Important water source of the region&#39;s rivers and Khlong Saen Saeb Bang Pakong District.
The district is divided into 10 subdistricts (tambon), subdivided Into 148 villages (muban).
4 townships (thesaban tambon) - Bang Nam Priao District covers parts of tambon Bang Nam Priao District and Phrong AKAT, and Bang Khanak Don Sala Daeng Chimphli and each unit is located on some of the same-named tambon lands.
10 Tambon administrative organizations.
Ptichodis immunis is a moth in them Erebidae.
Weissia alianuda a moss species in them Pottiaceae.
Tan first scientific description in 1992.
Category: Plants described in 1992
Neocsikia nepalensis is a species of beetle in the family Elateridae.
This species was described Ohira &amp; Becker science in 1972.
Adris okurai is a moth in them Erebidae.
Museum in Tczew Vistula (Polish: Muzeum Wisly Tczewie w) is a museum located in Tczew, Poland.
Museum in Tczew Vistula is a branch of the National Museum in Gdańsk Maritime.
As of now, the Vistula in Tczew is Museum museum of the largest river in Poland.
Headquarters of the Museum is an example of a typical plant architecture in the 19th century.
During the Second World War, the building was a hub for the Poles evacuated.
Later, the building was converted into a factory producing optical equipment for military purposes.
After the war ended, Factory Pomeranian Gas meters each are located here.
In 1980, the town government Tczew hand over the facilities of this building for the National Museum in Gdańsk Maritime.
That same year, work organizations to establish Museum of the Vistula began.
Tczew surpassed other towns (including Sandomierz, Kazimierz Dolny, Wyszogród, Toruń, Gniew and Wloclawek) became the headquarters of the Museum of the Vistula.
The building was renovated to fit as headquarters of the newly established Museum.
The fruits are in Tczew Vistula Museum officially opened to the public on April 13, 1984.
From January 2006, the building of the museum underwent a modernization comprehensively with funding from the Development Fund European Region of the European Union, subsidies from the Ministry of Economy and the contribution of Tczew commune.
Museum reopened on February 22, 2007.
Category: Polish Museum
right | Small | 300x300px | Some stages downstream of the San Juan River in Utah may be identified in this 1927 photo.
Remnants of an old submerged plains stand as terraces above the river&#39;s modern.
Mutilation, also known as cropping and tear, erosion down or erosion upright is a geological processes by acting hydraulic deepen the channel of the stream or valley by removing material from the stream bed or rope Valley.
Speed reduction depends on the basis of flow rate, the lowest point where the stream can be eroded.
Sea level is the ultimate basis, but many streams baseline &quot;temporarily&quot; higher as they flow into other waters located above sea level or encountering bedrock erosion control.
A simultaneous process called erosion refers to the expansion of channels or valleys.
When a high flow on the basis of it, the cuts will take place faster than the erosion; but when the flow level reached its base, speed increased erosion party.
This is why the streams in mountainous areas tend to narrow and fast flowing, forming valleys V-shaped, while the flow in the lowlands tend wide and moving slowly, with broad valleys and flat bottom respectively.
The term slope of the stream only high compared to its base.
The slope gets steeper, the faster flow.
Sometimes geological raise will increase the slope of the stream even if the flow dropped to its base, a process called &quot;rejuvenation&quot;.
This happened in the case of the Colorado River in the western United States, leading to the process of creating the Grand Canyon.
The collapse of the reservoir is the erosion of adhesive materials such as clay or clay ice from the coast due to wave action.
When the sand coating stripped away and exposed adhesive layer, adhesive materials lost in the water column.
Unlike sand, adhesive materials can not be supplemented by natural events such as erosion of the hill.
This can lead to a process called &quot;recession hill&quot; in which waves erode and carry away the material at the toes and make it steeper.
When the slope reaches a certain angle, the hills become unstable and fail, making it back to the mainland.
Black Hawk College: Fluvial Processes II (Physical Geography 102)
US Corps of Engineers: Defeat lake
Physical Geology, 6th edition.
Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice-Hall, 1982.
Code 0-13-669762-3
Category: Hydrographic
Category: geologic process
Leucauge semiventris is a long-jawed orb weaver spiders in them.
This species of the genus Leucauge.
Leucauge semiventris be Embrik Strand described in 1908.
Ctenotus allotropis a lizard in their Scincidae.
This species is Storr first scientific description in 1981.
Category: Animals described in 1981
Small | 226x226px | A false sun 120 ° (highlighted above) is described in the picture Vadersolstavlan.
Small | 160x160px | 120 ° fake sun faded on parhelic circle.
Sun fake 120 ° (English: 120 ° parhelion, plural: 120 ° Parhelia) is a special aura relatively rare, an optical phenomenon atmosphere occasionally appeared with the sun than academics often very bright (Parhelia) when the cirrus clouds of ice crystals saturated filled atmosphere.
120 ° with the sun fake name so called because they appear in pairs on the circle parhelic ± 120 ° in the position of the sun.
When visible, the sun fake 120 ° appear as the bright spot white-bluish in circle parhelic white and is the result of at least two reflections inside the ice crystals hexagon .
Their pale colors along with them quite blurry can make observations they become difficult because they tend to be mixed up with clouds in the sky.
Sun Virtual Liljequist
Bow down to date (Subhelic arc)
A false picture of the sun 120 ° in the Czech Republic in October 2006
A photo of Joni Tornambe 2006
A video from Russia including 120 ° fake sun, along with a few fake normal sun and circle parhelic, 2007
A similar video from Kazakhstan with the false sun is very bright 120 °, 2007 Warning: big sound!
Category: atmospheric optical phenomenon
Calliotropis conoeides is a species of sea snail, a gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae marine life.
Category: Calliotropidae
Category: Sub-species sharing application
Combretum niphophilum is a species of flowering plant in combretaceae.
This species is Gilg &amp; LEDERMANN ex Engl.
Scientists first described in 1921.
Category: Plants described in 1921
in: Combretum niphophilum
Is unapologetic&#39;s seventh studio album by singer Rihanna Barbados, was released on 19 thangngay November 1, 2012 by Def Jam Recordings label.
The album was recorded from June to November 1, 2012 thangngay, while she was promoting the album her sixth studio, Talk That Talk (2011).
Rihanna has decided to collaborate with producers she has worked previously as The-Dream, David Guetta, Chase &amp; Status, StarGate, also sent an invitation to collaborate with new producers like Mike Will Made -It and Labrinth.
This album is a combination of genres pop, electronic dance (EDM), dubstep, music genres of Talk That Talk and Rated R (2009).
In the album which features the voice of her former boyfriend, Chris Brown, male rapper Eminem, Future, Mikky Ekko, and DJ David Guetta French.
After being released, unapologetic has received much praise from critics about the appeal of the music, though some had criticized the lyrics of the songs.
The album debuted at the top spot on the Billboard 200 in the US, with 238,000 sold during its first week, becoming the album, first studio Rihanna reached the top spot on the charts and at the same time also the best-selling product in the first week of release in her career.
Unapologetic album also turn become the third, fourth, Rihanna year peaked in the England champion, Norway and Switzerland.
As of December 2014, has sold more than 4 unapologetic million copies worldwide.
&quot;Diamonds&quot; is the first single from the album, was released on September 27, 2012.
The song debuted at the top spot on the US Billboard charts, while leading the rankings of fifteen other countries in the world.
Second international single from the album is &quot;Stay&quot; was released on January 7, 2013.
The song &quot;Pour It Up&quot; was sent to radio US cities a day later and became the third single from the album in the country.
Rihanna has organized seven-day tour in seven countries called 777 Tour to promote the album.
In addition, the Diamonds World Tour concert tour was also started in March 2013.
Background and development
November, 2011, Rihanna&#39;s debut studio album, her sixth Talk That Talk titled.
As for music, the album focused on music genres are pop, dance-pop and R &amp; B, and also integrates a number of other genres such as hip hop, electro house, dancehall and dubstep, a genre featured in studio album, her fourth, Rated R (2009).
Since its release, Talk That Talk has received much praise from music critics.
The album was a huge success commercially, reached the Top 10 on the charts of more than twenty countries, including the top spot on the charts UK Albums Chart and at # 3 on Billboard 200 US.
The album produced six singles, including two global famous song is &quot;We Found Love&quot; and &quot;Where Have You Been&quot;.
&quot;We Found Love&quot; topped the charts of twenty-five countries, with total sales worldwide of more than 6.5 million copies, becoming one of the best-selling singles of all time.
March, 2012, Rihanna revealed that although she has not yet started recording, but she began &quot;to work with the new sound&quot; for the seventh studio album by himself.
September 12, 2012, Def Jam France notified via Twitter that Rihanna will release a new single on the weeks that followed, and the studio album Saturday she expected to be released in thangngay November 1 year 2012.
However, the tweet after a short time has been removed and replaced with &quot;information will be revealed tomorrow, Thursday, September 13&quot;.
To further promote the studio album notify his upcoming Saturday, Rihanna launched promotional website rihanna7.com.
Through the official Twitter account of himself, Rihanna posted a series of tweets line intentionally &quot;reveal&quot; on Saturday studio album is coming soon.
October 11, 2012, in a tweet, she revealed new album cover with the album title is unapologetic.
On the theme of the album, Rihanna explained that she name names &quot;unapologetic&quot; because she wanted to express his honest, &quot;I named my album &#39;unapologetic&#39; because there is only one truth, and you can not regret it.
I always evolving, of course, I think the only motto that I was true to myself. &quot;
&quot;Diamonds&quot; is the first single of unapologetic, was released on September 27, 2012.
The cover of the single image of Rihanna&#39;s hands roll the diamonds sparkle in a piece of paper cannabis.
&quot;Diamonds&quot; debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 US at # 16, then the song quickly climbed to the top spot, becoming the single twelfth Rihanna achieved the top spot on the table this prestigious ranking.
It helps her step-up feature alongside Madonna and The Supremes in fifth place among artists with the number of the most singles champion in the history of the Billboard Hot 100 charts.
&quot;Stay&quot;, starring the voices of male singer Mikky Ekko American recording has become the second international single from the album on January 7, 2012.
Dan Martin of NME forms that it stands for &quot;Stay&quot; has put a &quot;spiral of vulnerability&quot; in the relationship between her and Chris Brown.
The song entered the UK charts at # 4.
&quot;Pour It Up&quot; are solicited for urban radio of America on January 8, 2013, became the third single from the album in the country.
&quot;Right Now&quot; with DJ David Guetta collaboration was chosen as the fourth single and was released on May 28, 2013
Release and promotion
In August 2012, there is news that the seventh studio album by Rihanna will be released in thangngay November 1, 2012.
And to early October 2012, the album release date has been officially announced as the 19th thangngay November 1, 2012.
On 2 thangngay November 1, 2012, Rihanna backstage video posted stages unapologetic album on YouTube.
The first video includes scenes Rihanna at the VMA Awards, workout for iHeart Radio Music Festival Festival and shoot for the album of photos.
Rihanna performed &quot;Diamonds&quot; and &quot;Phresh Out the Runway&quot; fashion show at the 2012 Victoria&#39;s Secret Fashion Show on November 7 thangngay November 1, 2012 and aired on TV on December 4, 2012.
She also performed &quot;Diamonds&quot; and the solo of &quot;Stay&quot; at Saturday Night Live on 10 thangngay November 1, 2012.
On 25 thangngay November 1, 2012, Rihanna performed &quot;Diamonds&quot; program The X Factor in the UK.
On December 9, 2012, Rihanna also performed &quot;Stay&quot; interjected chorus of &quot;We Found Love&quot; in the final episode of The X Factor (UK) ninth season.
The song &quot;Diamonds&quot; is also her performances in the last episode of TV show The Voice of America third season on December 18, 2012.
140px | thumbnail | left | Rihanna performing on tour 777 Tour in Mexico.
On 14 thangngay November 1, 2012, Rihanna informed about the implementation of a seven-day tour to promote unapologetic called 777 Tour.
She will perform seven concerts in seven cities of the country in North America and Europe and within seven days.
Tour will invite a group of fans and 150 journalists representing 82 countries.
Rihanna also used the Boeing 777 twin-engine to move between cities.
Farther in the cause of promoting the album, Rihanna embarked on a tour Thursday of her Diamonds World Tour in 2013.
Then schedule touring in North America and Europe are up.
Accordingly, A $ AP Rocky also joined the show in North America with her, while David Guetta will support her concerts in Europe, including London and Paris.
Information is taken from Rihanna&#39;s official website.
&quot;Numb&quot; with combined partial lyrics from the song &quot;Can not Tell Me Nothing&quot; (2007) Kanye West.
&quot;Jump&quot; have taken some elements from the song &quot;Pony&quot; (1996) by Ginuwine.
&quot;Nobody&#39;s Business&quot; which combines partial lyrics from the song &quot;The Way You Make Me Feel&quot; (1987), composed and performed by Michael Jackson.
Information obtained from the implementation unapologetic Allmusic.
Alejandro Barajas - Technical
Benny Blanco - instruments, production, programming
Tanisha Broadwater - coordinating producer
Chris Brown - artist collaboration
Josh Campbell - Technical
Nathan Cassells - engineering, tooling, manufacturing, programming
Robert Cohen - technical assistant
The-Dream - instruments, production, programming
Mikky Ekko - additional production, acquisitions, collaborative artist, producer
Eminem - artist collaboration
Mikkel S. Eriksen - engineering, tooling, programming
Seth Firkins - Technical
Melissa T. Forde - photography
Future - collaborative artists, instruments, production, programming
Mike Gaydusek - technical, engineering accent
David Guetta - collaborative artists, instruments, production, programming
Kuk Harrell - tone technique, voice production